

Hey, Jesse here.

Holy shit - this guy needs a puppy, NOT a girlfriend…

Needymessage

AHHH. STOP THE MADNESS!

My friend gets messages like this all the time.

“Once I see they’re like this, I just stop responding to them,” she said.

“Why?”

“Because if a guy’s THIS clingy after the first date... it’s only downhill from there."

She’s right. How do I know? I’ve been that guy.

This is how it happens: You meet an attractive girl, like my friend, and let the initial rush of attraction drive your actions. It’s like thinking with your dick, only... this time it’s your heart making you act delusional.

Let’s break it down:

    First Message: Ok, could be a little less generic and more personal. But no big deal.
    Second Message: He waited a total of 15 minutes before sending a second text. Did he think she didn’t realize he expected a response to the first one?
    Third Message: Alright, now we’re encroaching on needy territory. Three messages deep and he’s still adding more to this monologue.
    Fourth Message: Did you ever consider she’s occupied by any one of a million normal person responsibilities… like doing school work, actual work, working out… or maybe even avoiding stalker-level clingy dudes?
    Fifth Message: Now she knows you can’t stand not hearing from her for even a few hours without getting antsy. Is that really the message you want to send?

With every additional message, he takes one step away from “potentially cool guy I’d like to see again” and one step towards “clingy guy that won’t quit sending messages until you fake your death and move to Russia.”

Listen up: If you want to find your dream girl -- and actually have a chance at getting to know her -- you can not pull this crap under any circumstances.

It’s textbook needy behavior and it repels women more than a League of Legends tattoo on your forehead. Yes, it’s that bad.

Think of neediness as “too much, too fast” like...

    Sending 5 carrier-pigeons without waiting for a response. If you send 5 texts in a row… I promise you, she’s getting them and there’s a REASON why she hasn’t responded. Chill.
    Trying to (metaphorically) keep her locked up in a tower, Rapunzel-style. I have a friend whose boyfriend required a selfie every single day as a way to keep tabs on her. How would that make you feel? Correct Answer: Like a prisoner.
    Giving serious affection well before it’s due-date. If you’ve known a girl for 3 and a half minutes and you “love her”… you need to reevaluate what that word means to you.

I don’t care if Cupid himself shot you with a uranium-powered love-cannon… this stuff is unacceptable. Not because I find it repulsive… because it will ruin your chances with your dream girl (or any girl for that matter).

It doesn’t matter whether you’re facebook official or just hooking up...

Neediness is neediness is needi-get-away-as-fast-as-you-can-ness.

Although you may think you’re just showing affection… this behavior is entirely self-centered. It’s selfish and it tells the girl two things:

    You’re dependant on her to feel good about yourself.
    You’re insecure about your own attractiveness.

This is the equivalent of smothering the girl with your insecurity and dependency. And that’s because guys behave like this when they really like a girl and can’t stand the thought not having her in their life (i.e. being alone).

See, neediness comes from a fear of abandonment along with some serious insecurity.

And I get it - nobody wants to be single and lonely. You see all the happy couples walking down the street, smiling and laughing with each other, and you want to experience that for yourself.

But a huge problem arises when you finally meet a really cool girl and then try to latch onto her and never let go… which only makes her want to get far, far away from you.

Think about it like your parents trying to control you as a teenager: The more they tried to exert their authority and tell you what to do, the more suffocated you felt and the more you tried to push away and gain some freedom and independence.

Why does it work this way?

Because your neediness is super unattractive. Girls can smell insecurity like this from a mile away. And it’s a huge turn off.

It makes her think: “Damn, if he’s so desperate to be with me, then I bet he thinks I’m too good for him.”

Think about it: WHY would someone want to be with you... if even you think they’re too good for you? It may not be true, but that’s the message you’re sending.

If you’re reading this and thinking: “Damn, I’m one needy guy,” here’s what you need to do:

You need to become absolutely ok with the thought of being alone.

Not only does that make you less needy, it makes you about a million times more attractive to women.

One of the best ways to do this is to “date yourself” for a few months. Spend some time trying to be conscious of your own self-worth. Work on improving yourself and getting over your insecurities.

When you finally realize, deep down, that you’re a boss and don’t need a woman to “complete yourself” you’ll then be able to act like a true badass mofo around women. Because at that point, you’re entirely self-sufficient.

You won’t feel like you need them to survive, and therefore you’ll be able to have a happy, healthy relationship without being incredibly needy.

And that’s the key. Do whatever it takes to attain this level of self-awareness, because if you do, you’ll be a girl-attracting machine that stands out among the majority of insecure guys.

- Jesse

